>> Steve Kinney: So I have a brand new
AWS account that I made this morning and
so it's kind of like tabula rasa.
And we're gonna take a quick
look at the free-tier and
then we're going to go ahead and
get this account set up, right?
Because just creating an account,
there's a few things you need to do,
mostly for your security.
[LAUGH] Because if your main account gets
compromised, it's not a great scene.
Especially if you are somebody who is
about to get API keys on a livestream and
broadcast it across the world and
have it recorded.
You'd probably wanna do the due
diligence of securing the account.
So we'll talk a little bit
about what that means.
Cool, so let's take a look at
the free tier real quick and
that is at AWS.amazon.com/free.
It's a good url.
And for the first year there are some
things that are forever free and
there are some things that are free for
the first year of your account, right?
Like I said,
most of the stuff that we're doing today,
even not on the free tier is
not going to break the bank.
We'll even set up some billing alert,
so if things get out of control and
the nank starts breaking,
you know about it pretty soon.
So we'll set up some
billing alerts as well so
you don't have to take my word for it.
So in the kind of first year you get
a whole bunch of different services.
Let's actually look here, first 12 months.
We're not gonna be using most of these,
but for
CloudFront you get 50 gigabytes
of data transfer out.
That's pretty good.
So on and so forth.
And then always free you'll
get Cloud watch logs.
There's other stuff like code pipeline.
We're not gonna do that today but
those are pretty cool as well.
For the lambdas,
you get a million invocations of your
lambda function a month, forever.
So this site really needs to take
off before you start blowing past
the free tier.
For Route 53,
that will be about $0.50 a month.
And eventually you will not
have free S3 in CloudFront.
But that will, again, for the amount that
we're doing not be too big of a deal.
I had to sit through a workshop
where one of the people from ops
showed us how to check our billing alerts,
and
each team at Sangri is alloted
about a thousand dollars.
And it was basically how to check and
they're like every team was supposed to be
checking regularly if they
were kind of nearing that or
otherwise things would get
automatically shut off.
We have this thing called Crampus, and
Crampus finds your untagged over costly
services and just shuts them down.
So when I went to look
at the Frontend ones,
that's when I found out we were
spending about between $9 and $13 so.
I don't check anymore, don't tell anyone.
Cool, all right so
that's the free tier and
if you just made an account,
you'll have that for about 12 months.
But like I said even if you don't,
it's not gonna be the biggest
deal in the world.